rewrite: Order Placed, idempotency description (#1)
restaumatic/external-orders-api: README.md

#### Description

**Idempotent** operation, based on `externalOrderId` parameter.

The event is rejected only if and only if not valid in terms of format, regardless of the state of the system.

1. `id` - required, non-empty text, arbitrarily chosen by the client, ignored by the server
1. `method` - required, always `OrderPlaced`
1. `params`

>     1. `externalOrderId` - required UUID, unique id of an order generated by the client. Repeated events with the same `externalOrderId` are considered duplicates and ignored. It is then safe to re-send the same events multiple times as they share the same externalOrderId and therefore duplicates will be accepted on http transport layer and ignored witin logic of Restaumatic API. Consequently, a medium with at-least-once deliveree guaranty can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. `externalOrderId` - required UUID, unique id of an order generated by the client. Repeated events with the same `externalOrderId` are considered duplicates and ignored. It is then safe to re-send the same events multiple times as they share the same externalOrderId and therefore duplicates will be accepted on http transport layer and ignored within logic of Restaumatic API. Consequently, a medium with at-least-once delivery guarantee can be used.
```
